Closes #1663: Update ul-triangles to az-list-triangles (#1669)
az-digital/arizona-bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.0/backwards-compatibility.md

The `.nav-tabs-lg` custom Arizona Bootstrap class is now deprecated.

### UL Triangles

> The `.ul-triangles` custom Arizona Bootstrap class has beed replaced by `.az-list-triangles`.

Reviewer: It might be good to explicitly mention the deprecation here. Also, very nitpicky, but this class isn't actually from the Components section. I was wondering about this for the note about Tables (since that is under "Content") and I ended up putting it in its own section below. But I think this is fine--just maybe something to consider for #1586.

```suggestion
The `.ul-triangles` custom Arizona Bootstrap class has been deprecated and replaced by `.az-list-triangles`.
```
